[KIP-848] Fixes related to Offset Commit previous error and ConsumerGroupHeartbeat not updating member epoch in a case (#4672)
confluentinc/librdkafka: CHANGELOG.md

## Fixes

### General fixes

> * Fix discarding consumer group heartbeat response without epoch update when leaving during inflight HB. (#4672)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix for discarding the member epoch in a consumer group heartbeat response when leaving with an inflight HB (#4672).
```
